Update AnyTrust docs with links and refinements (#1715)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: arbitrum-docs/how-arbitrum-works/inside-anytrust.md

AnyTrust relies instead on an external Data Availability Committee (hereafter, "the Committee") to store data and provide it on demand. The Committee has `N` members, of which AnyTrust assumes at least two are honest. This means that if `N - 1` Committee members promise to provide access to some data, at least one of the promising parties must be honest. Since there are two honest members, and only one failed to make the promise, it follows that at least one of the promisers must be honest — and that honest member will provide data when it is needed to ensure the chain can properly function.

## Keysets

A Keyset specifies the BLS public keys of Committee members and the number of signatures required for a Data Availability Certificate to be valid. Keysets make Committee membership changes possible and provide Committee members the ability to change their keys.

A Keyset contains:

- the number of Committee members, and
- for each Committee member, a BLS public key, and
- the number of Committee signatures required.

Keysets are identified by their hashes.

> The SequencerInbox contract maintains `dasKeySetInfo` mapping with embedded [access controls](https://github.com/OffchainLabs/nitro-contracts/blob/fbbcef09c95f69decabaced3da683f987902f3e2/src/bridge/SequencerInbox.sol#L750-L778) for adding new keysets and invalidating existing ones. Upon addition, a L1 system contract [event](https://github.com/OffchainLabs/nitro-contracts/blob/fbbcef09c95f69decabaced3da683f987902f3e2/src/bridge/ISequencerInbox.sol#L197-L201) containing the Keyset's hash and full contents is emitted and processed by the L2 chain during [validation](https://github.com/Layr-Labs/nitro/blob/eigenda-v3.2.1/arbstate/daprovider/util.go#L194).

Reviewer: A few things about this paragraph:
- I believe it's clearer to mention that the chain owner is the one able to add or remove keysets from the mapping (instead of mentioning `access controls`)
- Since you're referencing the SequencerInbox at the beginning, you can do so too when mentioning the event that's emitted (right now it says `a L1 system contract`).
- Those events are not only exactly processed by validators. They are emitted and later used to verify new signed certificates. In any case, the original text was clearer in that regard.
- The new text includes links to repositories that are not maintained by Arbitrum or OCL (Layr-Labs/nitro)

> Although the API does not limit the number of active Keysets that can be valid at the same time, normally only one Keyset will be valid.

Reviewer: `Active keysets that can be valid` seems a bit redundant. I'd remove `active` from here.

## Data Availability Certificates

> A central concept in AnyTrust is the Data Availability Certificate (hereafter, a "DACert"). A [DACert](https://github.com/Layr-Labs/nitro/blob/eigenda-v3.2.1/arbstate/daprovider/util.go#L239-L246) contains:

Reviewer: Reference to a repo that's not maintained by Arbitrum or OCL

- the hash of a data block, and
- an expiration time, and
- proof that N-1 Committee members have signed the (hash, expiration time) pair, consisting of:
  - the hash of the Keyset used in signing, and
  - a bitmap saying which Committee members signed, and
  - an aggregated BLS signature (over the BLS12-381 curve) proving that those parties signed.

> Because of the `1-of-N` trust assumption, a DACert constitutes proof that the batch data (i.e., the preimage of the hash in the DACert) will be available from at least one honest Committee member, at least until the expiration time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because of the `2-of-N` trust assumption, a DACert constitutes proof that the block's data (i.e., the preimage of the hash in the DACert) will be available from at least one honest Committee member, at least until the expiration time.
```

We are using the same language throughout the rest of the page, so I wouldn't change this instance alone. If we want to change "data block" to "batch" we would have to do so in all instances.

> The hashes of the data blocks are committed by the L1 chain's Sequencer Inbox contract, allowing the data to be reliably read by L2 chain nodes.

Reviewer: I wouldn't remove the first part of the paragraph. It makes sense to reference the way non-AnyTrust nitro works, to be compared with AnyTrust.

> AnyTrust gives the sequencer an additional way to post batches to the L1 chain. The L1 Sequencer Inbox contract will reject any DACert that uses an invalid Keyset; other certificate validity checks are enforced during derivation. 

Reviewer: We need to specify what's the additional way to post a batch.

> The L2 code that reads data from the inbox reads a full-data block as in ordinary Nitro. If it sees a DACert instead, it checks the validity of the DACert, with reference to the Keyset specified by the DACert (which is known to be valid since the Sequencer Inbox verified that). The L2 chain code verifies that:

Reviewer: SequencerInbox is usually written without spaces.

We should be consistent with the language. `L2 code` is a valid expression, but if we want to change it to another thing, we would have to change all instances. 

In any case, my recommendation for an external contribution is not to change language that is correct, even if there might be a better way to express that concept, since we take a global approach within the docs, and try to use the same language across all pages. The best way to deal with changing language is to open an issue so we can discuss internally how to approach the change 🙏

- the number of signers is at least the number required by the Keyset, and
- the aggregated signature is valid for the claimed signers, and
- the expiration time is at least two weeks after the current L2 timestamp.

> If the DACert is invalid, the L2 code discards the DACert and moves on to the next data block. If the DACert is valid, the L2 code reads the data block, which is guaranteed to be available because the DACert is valid. There are no significant changes to fraud proving since these validations are compiled into the wasm replay script - removing the need for additional opcodes or changes to one step proving for a `READSEQUENCERINBOX` opcode.

Reviewer: The last sentence of the paragraph seems a bit irrelevant in this context. The whole AnyTrust page refers only to the way the information is stored, which makes sense since it's the only thing that changes.

If we want to add a note about the potential impact on fraud proving, it might be better to create a new section for it, but I don't think it's necessary to include it.

Once the Sequencer has collected enough signatures, it can aggregate the signatures and create a valid DACert for the (hash, expiration time) pair. The Sequencer then posts that DACert to the L1 inbox contract, making it available to the AnyTrust chain software at L2.

> If the Sequencer fails to collect enough signatures within a few minutes, it will abandon the attempt to use the Committee, and will "fall back to rollup" by posting the full data directly to the L1 chain, as it would do in a non-AnyTrust chain. The Nitro software can understand both data posting formats (via DACert or via native Ethereum DA) and will handle each one correctly.

Reviewer: This is the first mention to "native Ethereum DA" and might be confusing for the reader. A better alternative would be `via complete data`).
